Proposal: add initial proposal for browser observability model (#6)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-browser: docs/browser-observability-model.md

|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|
| `browser.navigation`                  | Captures a page page navigation event (both hard navigations and soft SPA navigations).                                                                                             | In review [PR1910](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/1910) | In review [PR2386](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/pull/2386) |
| `browser.navigation_timing`           | Captures detailed technical milestones from the [PerformanceNavigationTiming](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming) API.                          | In review [PR1919](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/1919) | Not created |

> | `browser.performance_resource_timing` | Captures information about individual resources loaded by the page, from the [PerformanceResourceTiming](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceResourceTiming) API. | Not created | Merged (similar) [instrumentation-document-load](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/packages/instrumentation-document-load) |

Reviewer: Ah also, a semantic convention PR was started

```suggestion
| `browser.performance_resource_timing` | Captures information about individual resources loaded by the page, from the [PerformanceResourceTiming](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceResourceTiming) API. | In progress [PR1943](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/1943) | Merged (similar) [instrumentation-document-load](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/packages/instrumentation-document-load) |
```

| Event | Description | Semantic Conventions Status | Instrumentation Status                                                                                                                               |
|---|---|---|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `browser.page_view` | Signals the start of a **hard** page navigation. Occurs once per page load. | In review [PR1910](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/1910) | In review [PR2386](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/pull/2386)                                                             |
| `browser.navigation_timing` | Captures detailed technical milestones from the [PerformanceNavigationTiming](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming) API. Occurs once per page load. | In review [PR1919](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/1919) | Not created                                                                                                                                          |

> | `browser.page_load` | Summarizes the user-visible page load experience from navigation start until LCP (includes total duration, paint timings, resource counts, transfer size). Occurs once per page load. | Not created | Not created                                                                                                                                          |

Author: Yeah, that's the idea. 

> duration is part of navigation timing

Navigation timing isn't aligned with LCP which I still think is the best way of signaling that the page is actually ready.  I'm going to remove this event anyways and focus on events that can be mapped almost 1:1 to browser events for the initial iteration of this doc. This page_load event or whatever we call it might require a larger discussion
